- [Instructor] Dependencies are probably
the most recognizable part of a Maven POM file.
This is, after all, what most people think about
when they think about Maven.
And it does a very fine job of managing those dependencies.
To take a look at dependencies,
let's open up the exercise files once again.
Navigate to the POM file in our
learning-maven-presidents project.
Now, let's scroll down to the dependencies section.
You will see that I have organized these by scope,
and this is just because this is
how I do dependency management.
I have all of my compile scope and then my runtime scope,
and then my test scope.
Again, this is just my convention,
this is not a hard and fast requirement.
Now we're going to talk about scope quite a bit
later on in the course,
but it's important to note that when scope isn't specified,
compile scope is default,
which is why I mentioned all of these
first ones being compile scope.
You can also see that each dependency
we have listed as a group ID, which,
as I mentioned earlier when talking about our project,
is a top-level organizational structure.
Most companies make this top-level domain
or their company in reverse
or some sub-domain of that in a typical OU style.
Next, you will see that we have the artifact ID.
This is more often how we reference a dependency,
by its common name.
Then you have a version, and we just went through
and replaced a bunch of these with properties,
but this version is the specific build
of the artifact that you want to consume.
When dealing with defects,
especially with security-related defects,
this is very, very important to know
what version of the dependency you are running.
Now this was just a very quick introduction
because we have a whole chapter on dependencies
later on in this course
because, after all, this is one of the
most important aspects of Apache Maven.